Add ADScaledCoupledTimeDerivative Kernel (#31425)
idaholab/moose: framework/doc/content/source/kernels/ADScaledCoupledTimeDerivative.md

# ADScaledCoupledTimeDerivative

The `ADScaledCoupledTimeDerivative` kernel is an extension of the

> [`ADCoupledTimeDerivative`](/ADCoupledTimeDerivative.md) kernel that consumes a material property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`ADCoupledTimeDerivative`](/ADCoupledTimeDerivative.md) kernel that has a scaling factor.
This factor can be:

- a material property using the [!param](/Kernels/ADScaledCoupledTimeDerivative/mat_prop) parameter
```
